W-14938259-permissions-rtf-runtime-manager-kt (#229)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-assign-permissions.adoc

Without at least one of these permissions, you can't see any details upon selecting the *Private Spaces* tab. Instead, you receive a *Not Authorized* message.
* To deploy applications from Exchange, you must assign the Exchange Contributor and Exchange Viewer permissions to the Business Organization that owns the asset.
* To deploy applications in Runtime Manager, you need the Create Applications permission.

> * To view all applications on the *Applications* page in Runtime Manager, you need the Read Applications, Read Runtime Fabric, and CloudHub Network Viewer permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To view all applications on the *Applications* page in Runtime Manager, you must have the Read Applications, Read Runtime Fabric, and CloudHub Network Viewer permission.
```
